Our project is a website that aims to deliver a new way for people to share greeting cards. Users of our website will be capable of creating their own card templates, share them with other users, and save them within their account.
Unlike physical greeting cards, cards created on our website will be capable of being interactive. The card creation will not only allow users to customize their card to their liking,
it will also allow them to attach puzzles, riddles, crosswords, or other interactive activities that will engage the receiver with some either generic or nostalgic activity. Users can also attach audio files, images or even
video files of a certain memory they want to share with their target. Our aimed audience, but is not limited to, would be those who want a thoughtful and fun way to share a greeting card with family or friends who live abroad, and those who
want a new way to experience greeting cards. In our current situation with COVID, our audience extends to everyone giving them an opportunity to create memories with family and friends while isolating at home.
Take for example this scenario; It's a childhood friend's birthday and I want to share a memory with them that I cherish, but it is too risky to visit them during the current conditions. Using our website I can choose from 1 of many user created templates
or create my own, and add some extra elements to it to make it memorable such as an image of us when we were kids, an audio file wishing them a happy birthday and an activity that requires them to solve in order to see what the card contains such as
a riddle that holds an inside joke between me and them.
